docs/index.md, before:

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This document is not feature-complete and is a work in progress. Please check back later for more information.

# Life Docs

This document is designed to be a general guide to living, with a focus on practicality and simplicity.

This is not meant to be comprehensive or exhaustive, but instead a collection of useful information that can be used to understand living.

## Document Tone

This document is written as if the reader was "born yesterday" and has no prior knowledge of the world. There are many things in here that may seem obvious to everyone, but they are still included for the sake of not assuming anything.

## Formatting

This document is written in Markdown, a simple and easy-to-read format that can be converted into many other formats. It is designed to be read in a text editor, but can also be converted into a PDF or HTML file for easier reading.

### Style Guidelines

- **Numbers**: All numbers should be put in backticks (the `` ` `` character), like `1,000`.

---

# Appendix

This repository is dedicated to the betterment of humanity. It is a public repository, and contributions are welcome.

This document is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License][cc-by-nc-sa].

[cc-by-nc-sa]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/

Commit message:

feat: :sparkles: Add French language stub

docs/index.md, after:

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This document is not feature-complete and is a work in progress. Please check back later for more information.

![The Eiffel Tower, one of the most famous structures in the world.](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/53/Eiffel_tower_from_trocadero.jpg/1280px-Eiffel_tower_from_trocadero.jpg)
# Life Docs

This document is designed to be a general guide to living, with a focus on practicality and simplicity.

This is not meant to be comprehensive or exhaustive, but instead a collection of useful information that can be used to understand living.


> [!NOTE]
> The rest of this specific page is intended to be a set of guidelines for **writing** documents in this repository. If you are simply looking for information on living, please refer to the other documents in this repository

## Document Tone

This document is written as if the reader was "born yesterday" and has no prior knowledge of the world. There are many things in here that may seem obvious to everyone, but they are still included for the sake of not assuming anything.

### Writing Guidelines

- Do not use jargon or technical terms, unless they are defined.
- Do not use idioms, slang or cultural references unless they are defined.
- Use simple language and short sentences.
- Do not assume prior knowledge of anything beyond a 16-year-old's understanding of language and logic.
  - If knowledge of simple math (basic operations) is required, it should be marked as such.
- Complicated topics that cannot be explained easily should not be mentioned, unless to explain an obvious gap in knowledge.
  - Do not simplify topics in a way that makes them incorrect or misleading, such as saying "there are three states of matter". Instead, say "there are three common states of matter".
- Humor, sarcasm and irony are to be avoided unless they are important to the topic at hand.
- No personal opinions or beliefs are to be included, unless they are universally accepted, scientifically verified facts. (e.g. "The Earth is round." is acceptable, but "The Earth is the best planet." is not.)
- Do not assume the reader's location, culture, or background. This document is meant to be read by anyone, anywhere. Clarifications for users in specific locations can be added, if confusion could arise from a general statement. (e.g. "In the United States, this is called a 'cookie'., but in the United Kingdom, it is called a 'biscuit'.")

The [Wikipedia Manual of Style](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Manual_of_Style) is an excellent resource for writing guidelines.

### Remote Content

All images and external content should be linked to, rather than embedded. This is to prevent any issues with copyright or licensing.

In general, [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Main_Page) is a good source for images and media that are free to use. Pick either vector images, or images resized to a width of 1280 pixels at most to avoid large file sizes.

## Formatting

This document is written in Markdown, a simple and easy-to-read format that can be converted into many other formats. It is designed to be read in a text editor, but can also be converted into a PDF or HTML file for easier reading.

### Style Guidelines

- **Numbers**: All numbers should be put in backticks (the `` ` `` character), like `1,000`.

---

# Appendix

This repository is dedicated to the betterment of humanity. It is a public repository, and contributions are welcome.

This document is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License][cc-by-nc-sa].

[cc-by-nc-sa]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/
